Enhance webotsJS loading screen and progress bar (#4593)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/guide/the-standard-file-hierarchy-of-a-project.md

> **Note**: Note that the directories can be created by using the wizard [New Project Directory](the-user-interface.md) described in [this chapter](getting-started-with-webots.md).

### The Project Files
### The Project and Thumbnail Files

Each world file has a corresponding project file and thumbnail file.
The project files contain information about the GUI (such as the perspective).

> These files are hidden.

Author: Line has been restored.

> These files are written by Webots when a world is correctly closed.

Author: Yes, this is corrected.

### The Project Files

> The project files contain information about the GUI (such as the perspective) as well as a thumbnail of its last saved rendered view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each world file has a corresponding project file and thumbnail file.
The project file contain information about the GUI (such as the perspective).
The thumbnail file is an image corresponding the last saved rendered view.
```
